Adding support for aggregate functions and related (#11)
openEHR/specifications-QUERY: docs/AQL/master03-syntax.adoc

* `SELECT`, `FROM`, `WHERE`, `ORDER BY`
* `TOP`, `AND`, `OR`, `NOT`, `CONTAINS`

> * functions: `count`, min`, max`, sum`, avg`, `now`, `current-date`, `current-date-time`

Reviewer: quoting for monospace looks off

* `matches`, `in`, `exists`, `not in`
* `"` and `'`: double and single quote characters are used to delimit string values;
* `|`: bar characters are used to delimit intervals;
* `[]`: brackets are used to delimit coded terms, archetype id values or openEHR reference model class attribute values.
* `{}`: brackets are used with `matches` delimiting matches criteria

> * `()`: paranthesis are used with function calls or to separate logic or group expressions and enforce precedence

Reviewer: Native English speakers should confirm, but I believe "parentheses" would be the correct (plural) form here.

Author: right, @wolandscat ?

   NOT EXISTS c/content[openEHR-EHR-ADMIN_ENTRY.discharge.v1]
--------

== Functions

=== Aggregate functions

> Aggregate functions calculates a single result from a set of _input values_, aggregated from an _expression_ over the result set.
> These expressions are using <<_aql_identified_paths, identified paths>>
> so that the functions operates on a set of <<_built_in_types,built in (primitive)>> type values.
> Some of these functions uses a `DISTINCT` keyword to consider only distinct values from the set.
> Unless specified, this functions omits the `NULL` values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Aggregate functions calculate a single result from a set of _input values_, aggregated from an _expression_ over the result set.
These expressions are using <<_aql_identified_paths, identified paths>>
so that the functions operate on a set of <<_built_in_types,built in (primitive)>> type values.
Some of these functions support the `DISTINCT` keyword to consider only distinct values from the set.
Unless specified otherwise, these functions ignore `NULL` values.
```

The table below shows the supported AQL aggregate functions:

[width="100%",cols="1,5",options="header",]
|===
|Function   |Description

|COUNT()    |Returns the count of the number of rows returned or of the input values
|MIN()      |Returns the minimum of the non-null input values
|MAX()      |Returns the maximum of the non-null input values
|SUM()      |Returns the sum of the non-null input values
|AVG()      |Returns the average (arithmetic mean) of all the non-null input values
|===

> The example below uses `MIN()`, `MAX()` and `AVG()` functions to determine edge and mean values for systolic value:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below uses `MIN()`, `MAX()` and `AVG()` functions to determine edge and mean values for systolic blood pressure:
```
